docs: DOC-1912: Bug Fixes for Upcoming 4.6.x Patch (#6943)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

<ReleaseNotesVersions />

## May 23, 2025 - Release 4.6.x

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed an issue where certain artifacts were not found while syncing registries for [Edge](../clusters/edge/edge.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where add-on packs/helm-chart artifacts were not found while syncing registries for [Edge](../clusters/edge/edge.md)
```
Can we make this more precise?
add-on packs/charts are not synced in this bug
whereas add-on container images are loaded properly

  clusters.
- Fixed an issue that prevented add-on profiles from being deployed on [Edge](../clusters/edge/edge.md) clusters
  containing the `harbor-edge-native-config` pack.

## May 20, 2025 - Release 4.6.26

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed an issue that occasionally caused `stylus-agent` restarts and a `stylus-operator` failure loop when deploying
>   clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that occasionally caused `stylus-agent` restarts and a `stylus-operator` failure loop when deploying
  clusters due to unsafe concurrent data access.
```
